Hi everybody and welcome back this lecture we're going to talk about how to copy a list.
So there are various reasons why you might want to copy a list might want to make a copy because you
don't want to alter the original.
You might be making a back up whatever it is.
This lecture is going to show us how to do it.
So to copy a list you create a slice that includes the entire original list.
So it's a full slice of the original list.
You can create a slice by omitting the first and second index.
And by doing this you are telling Python to make a slice that starts at the first item and ends with
the last.
So let's take a look at how that's done.
First we create our list names.
Equals open closing square brackets opening quote opening closing single quotes Tony.
Frank just put that in there if I wanted to work.
Mary Mark Mary and Carl perfect.
We have a list now.
Let's create a new variable called first names because obviously these names are first names first names
he calls names.
So we're going to work on the names list.
And as I said we leave out the first and second index and we just put in a colon let's print first names
and let's have a look at what we get.
We should get our full list
perfect.
Now we have a copy of our list which we can address and perform manipulations on without affecting the
original list.
A very very handy piece of code.
Thanks for listening and I look forward to seeing you in the next lecture.